Welcome to Section 4 of the complete web developer course you've now covered him out and see SS So you
know how to create the content and style of pretty much any website now it's where the real fun starts.
And this section we're going to be learning javascript which South first real coding language it will
enable us to make interactive Web sites so that users will be able to click and interact with your web
site and your web site will respond accordingly.
This is where you can really start building powerful interactive fun experiences for your users.
So it's where the real coding begins.
Once again I hope you're thinking about how you can put the skills that you're learning into action.
There's no better way to learn to code and to build real web sites.
So jot down a few ideas.
Pick the best one and just start building it.
And once you build something tweeted to me and our reach out to the world enjoy the section and I'll
see you at the beginning of the next one.